welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to get unhinged with the
1982 film unhinged and if you've ever
fallen victim to a strange man
masturbating inside your wall consider
subscribing to the channel let's get to
it
we open in darkness to the sounds of
crickets and shuffling about when the
dawn breaks we find Terry getting ready
and taking in the Morning News she gets
a call from her mom and we learned from
the conversation that mother has
trepidations about a planned trip
Terry's going on with her near do well
friends sure enough they show up
listening to hardcore rock and roll
before long they find themselves
traversing the vast New England
wilderness enjoying a pot cigarette some
occasional salty humor and news reports
of girls that have gone missing from the
area toward which they're traveling but
they're sidetracked by heavy rains
causing them to fail to see it down to
tree which runs them off the road teary
wakes up in House of Mary and Penrose
having been dragged there by her friend
Norman who as an official
jack-of-all-trades took it upon himself
to gently bathe and clothe her before
putting her to bed
her friends Nancy and Gloria are all so
banged up and in their own rooms the
only phone is in town and the only way
to town is a perilous walk through the
woods so for now they're staying put
soon Terry and Nancy are seated for
dinner which is a formal affair in this
household Gloria having suffered more
serious injuries is still recovering
they eat quietly end in alarmingly small
bites and observe Marian's mother Edith
behaving like a lunatic she reveals a
tendency to use any opportunity for
conversation to demonstrate that she's a
man-hater who's bitter about her
ex-husband's behavior and to impart her
opinion that Marian her daughter is a
skank [ __ ] after dinner they enjoy some
parlor games while Marian tickles the
ivories outside a shrouded figure
shambles toward the house breathing
heavily and lurking in the shadows just
outside the window the girls gossip a
bit before bedtime
and resolved to get a tow truck and get
the hell out of there the next day Terry
in particular has been feeling an odd
sense of deja vu when you have a
creeping suspicion that someone is
watching you you know deja vu
she wakes up in the night to an odd
bumping noise and looks out to see
someone creeping around the maintenance
shed but she decides to mind her own
damn business and go back to bed however
she's woken up again to the sound of
breathing that is heavy and approaching
climax she tells me about her experience
confirming it sounded like like he was
doing himself and they flip a coin to
verify who will make the trip into town
the next day the next morning after
getting hiked ready they tell their plan
to Marion who points Nancy in the
general direction she soon finds herself
in the wilderness bouffant unti 'zed and
she emerges to a man with a scythe who
awkwardly mistakes her for a wheat field
somehow back at the house a filmmakers
unveil a charming little plot device
where Terry stares vacantly as Marian
unleashes loads of exposition into her
dome she reveals that her dad was caught
engaging
a sexual relationship with a
nine-year-old destroying their family
name driving her mom crazy and resulting
in his institutionalization later they
saddle up for dinner
sans Nancy they do normal dinner stuff
Chui stare intently at these little
crystal dishes Marion on cue starts a
conversation that converts to a
discussion about the burdens of
parenthood which further converts to a
conversation about Edith's presumptions
as regards Marion's whoring later on we
again get that sweet sensual breathing
and two nights in a row you sex god
terry pursues the orgasm upstairs where
she finds a room with some weapons and a
picture of some kids but no pervert then
back in her room she hears a noise and
looks out as she finally finds her
pervert hey guy she runs off and finds
Marion who decides again to pour
exposition into her ear the harmless
destitute peepers her brother Carl he
has a mentality of a child but it's not
allowed into the home due to her
mother's hatred of men so Marion leaves
food for him and he lives on his own in
the woods the next day as always Terry
goes somewhere due to the presence of a
strange noise and finds Norman splitting
logs she tells him about Nancy's trip
which is concerning to him the path to
town is only a couple of miles and is
treacherous
not because of the terrain but because
of the frequency with which hikers go
missing and Terry rushes off to tell
this news to Gloria the third friend
remember her she's in the movie now
and we see little brother Karl is
watching that night we get a POV shot of
someone creeping out of the darkness and
exacerbating Gloria's head trauma
the next day Terry finds Gloria's room
empty and turned down confused she goes
to ask Marion who hasn't a clue where
she might be
so Terry searches for her outside as she
lurks around she finds her lurking path
and Carl's lurking paths cross and she's
pursued into the shed where she falls
into a pit of lady parts among the
various bits and pieces are her friends
she manages to slip out and head
straight for the weapon room with Carl
close behind he mistakes us for a game
of tag and finds himself the recipient
of a headshot Marion is disgusted by all
this senseless violence and asserts
Carl's innocence so terry hits her with
news of the goings-on in the shed this
is where Marion comes clean and her
voice drops a couple of octaves and we
see she has some chest pubes as well
because Marion is a man and he hacks
Terry incessantly while again
continuously exposed to her about the
pressure he's constantly under to care
for his family
considering all their special needs and
requirements and he continues blabbing
well beyond the point where she can hear
him anymore but sometimes it's just nice
to speak your troubles into the universe
and the movie ends with mother calling
him to dinner well that was a slow
rickety roller coaster given the subject
matter and outcome I'd have to classify
unhinged as a less interesting sleepaway
camp
the main improvement would have been to
roll the storytelling in with the action
and for the movie to contain acting if
you enjoyed the video I'd love for you
to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching